constructor features (#240)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/constructor.adoc

= The `Neo4jGraphQL` class
:description: This section describes various setting field in the Neo4j GraphQL main class.

> You can assign different setting fields in the Neo4j GraphQL constructor: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can assign different setting fields in the Neo4jGraphQL constructor: 
```

[source, javascript, indent=0]
----

> export interface Neo4jGraphQLConstructor {
>     typeDefs: TypeDefinitions;<1>
>     resolvers?: IExecutableSchemaDefinition["resolvers"];<2>
>     features?: Neo4jFeaturesSettings; <3>
>     driver?: Driver; <4>
>     debug?: boolean;
>     validate?: boolean;
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export interface Neo4jGraphQLConstructor {
    typeDefs: TypeDefinitions; <1>
    resolvers?: IExecutableSchemaDefinition["resolvers"]; <2>
    features?: Neo4jFeaturesSettings; <3>
    driver?: Driver; <4>
    debug?: boolean;
    validate?: boolean;
}
```
